Cloud Opus 4.6 just launched with a
feature that gets me generally excited
since it will likely completely change
how we work with AI. It's called agent
teams. Instead of prompting one AI, you
describe a complex task and it spawns
multiple specialized agents that
coordinate to solve it. Everyone
predicted this as a trend for 2026, but
no one expected a production ready
version to come out so early in the
year. In this video, I'll explain
everything you need to know about them.
what they are, why they're so
game-changing for complex tasks, and
show you how to start using them
yourself.
Okay, so what are agent teams? Unlike
sub agents, which operate within one
session and only communicate their
results back to the main agent, you also
have the option to engage directly with
individual teammates instead of routing
everything through the lead. Here's how
it actually works. You give a complex
task to the system. Let's say uh
building me a marketing campaign. And
instead of one AI trying to do
everything, the system spawns multiple
agents, teammates. A research agent uh
gathers data about your audience. A
strategy agent plans the campaign
structure and the creative agent writes
the copy. Also, you could have a review
agent which checks everything for
quality. They work in parallel where
they can in sequence where they need to
and they coordinate their outputs.
Here's why this matters. A single AI has
to be a generalist. It's okay at
everything but not great at anything.
But when you specialize agents, each one
can be optimized for its specific task.
The research agent is amazing at
research. The creative agent is amazing
at writing. And when they join forces,
the output is better than any single AI
could achieve. Plus, they can work in
parallel, which means complex projects
finish way faster. You may ask, why is
this a big deal? Clearly this is a
fundamental shift in how we use AI.
Until now we have been trying to make
one model smarter and smarter, more
parameters, more data, better training.
Uh just look at all the benchmark graphs
on each LLM release. Agent teams live
that instead of one super brain you get
a coordinated organization. So what
becomes possible with agent teams? Long
horizon projects tasks that used to
require constant human oversight can now
run autonomously with agents checking
each other's work. complex workflows,
multi-step processes uh with research,
analysis, creation, and review can
happen in one coordinated flow. Better
quality. Having a dedicated review agent
catches mistakes that a single AI would
miss. Faster execution. Parallel work
means things that took hours can finish
in minutes. Basically, the tasks that
were too complex for AI, a lot of those
just became possible. To be clear
though, agent teams aren't a completely
new concept. People have been
experimenting with multi-agent systems
for a while, but Claude Opus 4.6
implementation is the first one that
feels production ready. Here's what they
got right. First, automatic
orchestration. You don't have to
manually spawn these agents. Claude
figures out on its own what agents are
needed based on your task. Second,
intelligent coordination. The agents
don't just run independently. They share
context and communicate naturally.
Third, built-in specializations. Cloud
has preconfigured agent types optimized
for different tasks, uh, research,
coding, writing, analysis, QA, and
fourth, error handling. If one agent
gets stuck or produces bad output, other
agents catch it and course correct. A
few technical things worth knowing. In
contrast to sub agents, individual team
agents can request information from each
other. Um, like the writing agent can
ask the research agent for more data.
And there's a supervisor agent that
coordinates everything, making sure
agents work in the right order and don't
duplicate effort. It's surprisingly
sophisticated for a first version of
this. So now I'm going to walk you
through how to actually set this up and
use it in real project that I definitely
need help with creating a week's worth
of social media content for a personal
brand. So the first thing you will need
is Claude Opus 4.6 Access that you can
get with their pre-subscriptions. As you
can see, the you have an option of a pro
plan and a max plan. In the demo we're
going to show today, the pro plan is
sufficient and it should get you by for
two or three tasks per day, even using
this rather powerful agents mode.
However, for professional use, we would
recommend to use the max plan and that
would cost 100 or 200 if you want even
more credits. While the max plans are
more expensive, they can be definitely
worth it because for many people, this
agent's team mode will save a lot of
time. So for this demo, we assume that
you have cloud code already installed on
your system. So we're only going to go
through that step. However, agent teams
is an experimental feature and it is not
enabled by default for everyone. So you
would need to add an additional
configuration to your settings. JSON
file. If we would open up the cloud code
docs, you would see the specific line
you would need to add into the file.
Let's do that directly in the terminal.
You would need to go to your
cloud configuration folder.
Open the settings JSON file and add the
following lines. I have already them
added to my configuration. So that's all
you need. Close the file. And now
there's an additional step that we would
recommend. We would recommend to install
T-Max because that would allow in your
terminal to see every agent working
individually. Otherwise, you would only
see the same thing you would see on the
cloud desktop application, which is
every agent in the same single
conversation. More or less. It is
possible to switch between them in your
terminal, but it is much nicer if you
can see all of them and also interact
with each of them individually. So for
that, we're going to install T-Max.
All right, and this might take a while.
And here we go. We have our T-Max
installed. Let's enter a new T-max
session and jump into a project folder.
So for any sort of thing you're working
on, we would recommend to have a folder.
And for cloud code is mentoring. Uh so
in our case that is the video demo.
Now let's launch cloud code. We also
have a prompt already prepared for this
demo. So we're not going to go into
detail prompt engineering techniques.
But as long as you provide a clear task
and uh what are your deliverables you
want your prompt really doesn't have to
be much more complex than that. One
additional thing we would recommend to
add for a prompt when you're trying to
work with agent teams is to specify each
individual team member you want to
spawn. It isn't necessary. You could
just tell the model to orchestrate a
couple of team members for the task. But
if you want consistent results, we would
recommend to specify the roles you want
to fill. In our case, that is a
strategist, a copywriter, a visual
concept agent, and a reviewer for
quality control. All right, so let's get
into it. This might take a while. And
here comes another recommendation. Do
not try to run uh agent teams for simple
tasks. For simple task, we would still
recommend to use a single AI instance um
or to use sub agents for very simple
flows where you just have let's say
maybe just a writer and a reviewer. When
you need more collaboration, then we
would recommend to go for agent teams.
We can already see that the model is
preparing a plan and soon enough we
should see how it spawns a couple of
team members to help it out. All right,
and here's the beauty of T-Max. We
already see individual team members on
panels on our right and we can even see
what each member is trying to do. So
this is the key difference between agent
teams and sub aent flows where you
really have no way to interact or even
sometimes observe what individual sub
agents are doing. Here we could even
stop any of the team members working uh
course correct if they're going the
wrong way or even provide an additional
task we have not provided in our
original prompt. So the strategist agent
has already worked uh and prepared a
plan and it has delegated its first task
to the copyriter and now the copyriter
does not have the permission to interact
with our file system and it has asked
for permission directly through the main
lead agent. So we could give the
permission. All right. I see the
copyriter has finished its first task
and now uh the visual designer um has
start working on on its own assignment.
So to copy done start visual concepts.
Okay. So tasks with agent teams take a
while. So we have left uh the team to
work on the task. Let's check back with
them. As we can see the copyriter has
already finished with its task. And now
the visual content strategy agent is
creating a document. Oh, it already
created it directly a new doc right
here. I'm again being asked for
permission. Though you can also start
cloud um cloud code with an additional
flag which would allow you to just give
permissions to all um team members
automatically if that's what you prefer.
Here we're working conservatively. So we
are explicitly allowing team members to
deal with the file system. If you're in
a hurry you could just preemptively give
these sort of permissions. Okay. So the
reviewer has found a few issues to fix
and we're even seeing which exact lines
it has found and what types of edits
it's doing. So it is using the diff
style, you know, what kind of line it is
changing. We can even investigate and
say um that maybe this agent should
focus on something more
specific. Right? So T-Max paints have
already closed. So that means that
agents have finished with their work.
But that does not necessarily mean that
the task is is already done because the
reviewer has flagged up five action
items on areas where it could still
improve. So what we could do now, we
could again prompt our main team lead
and ask it to delegate these as tasks to
team members to iterate on the documents
again. So we give the team lead the same
tasks that the reviewer has flagged and
we can see that it's already working on
a new plan on how to iterate on these
docs. It is adding new items to the
to-do list. So first it will need to
source and verify all statistics as
citations and again we're seeing that it
has decided to spawn researcher which is
a new agent which we haven't specified
before a strategist
copy editor and a copywriter. So here we
can see that it has used two of the
agents that it has previously seen in
our uh last iteration and it also has
decided to bring in two new agents which
we didn't even explicitly specify in our
prompt. So as you can see quite often
you can get away with broad prompts. Now
all four agents are working in parallel.
So the researcher is looking up
information online to double check that
our mentioned statistics are correct
while at the same time the copy editor
is trying to identify the the issues
that the reviewer has flagged. Also we
see that the copyriter has tightened the
Wednesday reel to be 30 to 35 seconds
and it also improved the call to action.
At the same time we see that there have
been some placeholders on our content um
and the copyriter has filled them in.
Also, the copy editor is working on the
on tightening up the Wednesday reel to
be 30 to 35 seconds. It's also trying to
improve the call to action. We already
see that the researcher has flagged up
some of the metrics that we have cited
in our material and it has replaced them
with more factually accurate ones it has
found online. At the moment, out of our
four teammates, three of them have
already completed their tasks. We're
just waiting for the researcher to wrap
up its task. The researcher has also
prepared a sources document where it
lists all the references for the facts
and the statistics it has updated in our
document. All right, I'm seeing that
that task is being wrapped up. Team
cleaned up. All revisions are done. Your
full content package is production ready
and in the folder we started with. Uh
let's jump into that folder and try to
review its work. So we can see there are
quite a few files and I will go to the
post. it has recommended for Monday
through Wednesday. Okay, so for Monday
it recommended a LinkedIn post, a
Twitter or X post and also Instagram
caption. We can see that the post is
already well structured. It seemingly we
need to double check this and because
this is still to some degree a draft and
as we can see all these posts match the
platform requirements. So for LinkedIn,
it has more of that LinkedIn style with
a bullet list with more metrics, more
styling. Meanwhile, the Twitter post is
short with a couple of relevant hashtags
uh based on the industry we're working
on. And the Instagram caption has also
plenty of hashtags through which it
would recommend us to market. All right.
Also, the model has provided an image
concept and a video idea uh 30 second
video. So these were not generated. You
would need to either shoot these visuals
yourself or use an image generation
model something like Nano Banana Pro GP
image 1.5 and for videos you could use
V31 um to create these sort of visuals.
It has put in a lot of work even
provided a color scheme for the image
concept and even the specific format. So
for um Instagram it recommends a square
image with a very specific resolution
and for LinkedIn it recommends a banner
and it has provided very similar
structure for upcoming days. So for
Tuesday and for Wednesday for Tuesday I
see the video idea is a bit different.
So it's also also 45 seconds and for
Wednesday it has a longer video with
very detailed breakdown of what should
be in the video nearly second by second.
If you would try to prompt a single AI
model to do this sort of task, usually
it wouldn't have enough of the context
window to really get into every single
day, every single post and match every
platform that we need. So this is the
power of agent teams. In just 15
minutes, we got a good first draft and I
still would need to double check it and
inject some of my personality into it,
but it still saves me hours in
production and all of it was done with a
single prompt. If I tried to do that
with a single agent, it would take me
multiple tries and likely a few hours.
As amazing as it is, one downside is the
price. Um, let's check how much the
single generation cost us. So if I would
jump back into cloud code and I would
write
slash usage
we would see that I have spent around
seven close to $8 in usage just for this
single task. If you would want to know
how that what that means for pro and max
usage that would be around 50% of your
single session usage for pro. For max,
you would probably be able to fit in
about eight or 10 tasks in five hours.
So to avoid unnecessary costs based on
testing this for a couple of days now,
here's when agent teams make sense
versus just using regular claude. Use
agent teams when the task has multiple
distinct components like research,
writing and review or testing, uh
implementing and other review stage.
Quality matters more than speed. You
need different expertise applied to
different parts and you want built-in
quality control. Use single AI when it's
a simple focus task. Speed is more
important than sophistication and you're
on a budget and can justify the extra
cost. For that social media content,
agent teams made sense. If I just needed
one post caption, a single AI 100% of
the time. In general, I keep single
agent cloud for quick tasks and only
spin up teams for complex projects or to
tackle issues where the single agent
fails. A quick few tips before you try
this yourself. One, start with a low
stakes project. Don't hand it your most
important client work on day one. Two,
be very specific in your initial brief.
Include brand voice, target audience,
goals, any constraints, kind of like
working with a new colleague. Three,
review everything. The agents are good,
but they're not infallible. The classic
AI rule to double checks everything
still applies in this case. Four, keep
an eye on your API or subscription usage
in the dashboard. Set spending alerts if
you're worried about costs. So clearly
with this new update by shifting from AI
as a tool to AI as a workforce, agent
teams are the first step toward AI
organizations that can handle complex
projects autonomously. All right. So
that's agent teams and cloud opus 4.6.
The concept is simple. Specialized AIs
working together beat one generalist AI.
The implementation is sophisticated.
Cloud handles orchestration,
coordination, and error handling
automatically. And the result for
complex tasks this will be a gamecher.
If this works at scale, it changes
what's possible with AI completely. If
you would like to see a video on more
use cases and results of my testing,
subscribe to not miss it when the video
drops and leave a comment. What would
you use agent teams for? What complex
projects would you hand off to a team of
specialized AIS? If you want to
understand the technical foundations
behind this stuff, how these models
actually work, not just how to use them,
check out Turing College AI courses,
links below. Now, we have all heard of
the layoffs that are happening in the
industry. So, we have made a video on
the most essential AI skills to master
to get ahead in 2026 and become
irreplaceable. Click here to see it.
That's it from me. Catch you in the next
one.